Update ug (#196)
AY2122S1-CS2103-F10-1/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

</div>

## Command Navigation

### General Commands
* Viewing help: [`help`](#viewing-help--help)
* Undoing the last modification: [`undo`](#undoing-the-last-modification--undo)
* Exiting the program: [`exit`](#exiting-the-program--exit)

> ### Position-Related Command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Position-Related Commands
```

* Adding a position: [`add-position`](#adding-a-position-add-position)
* Deleting a position: [`delete-position`](#deleting-a-position-delete-position)
* Editing a position: [`edit-position`](#editing-a-position-edit-position)
* Listing all positions : [`list-position`](#listing-all-positions--list-position)
* Visualizing a position with a pie chart: [`visualize`](#visualizing-a-position-with-a-pie-chart-visualize)
* Get rejection rate of a specified position : [`rate`](#get-rejection-rate-of-a-specified-position--rate)

> ### Applicant-Related Command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Applicant-Related Commands
```

* Edit the applicant with the specified `INDEX`
* At least one argument should be present

> * If `position` field is edited, the new `position` must have been added to MrTechRecruiter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the `position` field is edited, the new `position` must already exist in MrTechRecruiter
```
